projects/README.md, before:

# Projects
> Build targets and target-specific code.

## Server
Runs the network table server

## Client
An example client of the Network Table.
This is also used to test the functionality of
the NetworkTable.

## Viewtree
Prints out all the values in the network table

## Light Client
Simply updates a single value in the network table forever

## Sensors Canbus
Reads data about various sensors on the canbus network
and places it into the network table.

## NUC to BBB
Sends simulator outputs to the BBB.
To build this, make sure the cmake variable ENABLE_ROS
is set to ON, in the top level CMakeLists.txt

## Dummy Satellite
Synchronize two network tables
on either end of an ethernet cable.

One side must act as a server. When running on this side,
find the ip address of your ethernet port (ie with 'ifconfig'),
and run   
'''./dummy-satellite server <ip_address>'''

On the other side, you must connect to the _same_ ip address,
but as a client. Use the following command:  
'''./dummy-satellite client <ip_address>'''

Note that the code is 99% the same on the client and server side.
It's just the zmq has to call bind on the server side,
and connect on the client side in order to work.

## Rockblock
WIP. Sends/receives data over satellite via a serial connection to Rockblock+.

Commit message:

NAV-15 Connect NUC and BBB
This commit finishes up two projects:
nuc_eth_listener and bbb_eth_lister.
These run on either side of an ethernet cable
connecting the NUC and BBB, and are used
to send data between the two.

For example, sensor data and waypoints
are sent from the BBB to the NUC.
bbb_eth_listener is responsible
for sending this data, and nuc_eth_listener
is responsible for listening for it, and then
publishing it on the NUC side.

Right now, actuation angle (winch and motor angles)
are sent from the NUC to the BBB, so this data
will be passed along from nuc_eth_listener to bbb_eth_listener.

Note that communication between software on the NUC
is done via ROS publish/subscribe messages, so in order
to compile nuc_eth_listener, the cmake variable
ENABLE_ROS must be set to ON. It's in the top level
CMakeLists.txt

projects/README.md, after:

# Projects
> Build targets and target-specific code.

## Server
Runs the network table server

## Client
An example client of the Network Table.
This is also used to test the functionality of
the NetworkTable.

## Viewtree
Prints out all the values in the network table

## Light Client
Simply updates a single value in the network table forever

## Sensors Canbus
Reads data about various sensors on the canbus network
and places it into the network table.

## NUC Eth Listener
Sends simulator outputs to the BBB.
Receives sensor data from BBB and publishes.
It uses the ROS custom message types defined in the
sailbot-msg repo.
To build this, make sure the cmake variable ENABLE_ROS
is set to ON, in the top level CMakeLists.txt

## BBB Eth Listener
Receives changes to actuation angle from simulator running on NUC,
and places them in network table.
Sends changes to sensor data in the network table to the NUC.

## Rockblock
WIP. Sends/receives data over satellite via a serial connection to Rockblock+.
